[PL-40854] Update secrets management doc scope info (#3116)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/Secrets/Secrets-Management/11-add-a-google-cloud-secret-manager.md

2. Scroll to the service account you want to use. If no service account is present, create one.
3. Grant this service account the Google Cloud Secret Manager permissions needed.  
To do this, edit the service account and click **Permissions**. Click **Roles**, and then add the roles needed.  

> Go to [Managing secrets](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/access-control) from Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Managing secrets](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/access-control) in the Google Cloud documentation.
```
optonal sug.
